# New Hire Setup



For New Hires Only Set up or Change Your O365 Authentication Profile Your Authentication Profile (sometimes called Multifactor Authentication Profile or MFA) must be activated in Microsoft Office 365 (O365) to allow remote access to Duke Energy resources from Duke Energy and non-Duke Energy devices (e.g., home computer or personal devices via mobile apps). It is recommended to configure at least two profile options (e.g., 2 phone numbers or 1 phone number and the Authenticator app). This document covers how to access the O365 profile and setup the two authentication methods: Table of Contents Accessing the O365 Profile (setup and update)............................................................2 Changing initial password ........................................................................................................2 Setup your O365 Profile....................................................................................................3 Set up Multi Factor Authentication (MFA)...............................................................................3 Set up/Change Authentication via a call to a phone number...............................................6 Set up/Change Authentication to use the Microsoft Authentication App on your mobile device........... 7 Troubleshooting ..............................................................................................................10 • Set up/Change Authentication via a call to a phone number • Set up/Change Authentication to use the Microsoft Authenticator App on your mobile device Accessing the O365 Profile (setup and update) Changing initial password You can access site using any web browser (Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge/IE).

1. Browse to the following site: https://www2.myapps-duke-energy.com
2. Enter user ID and first use password
3. You will be prompted to change your password
4. Once completed you will be brought back to the initial page. This can be closed. Setup your O365 Profile You can access your O365 Profile through the steps using any web browser (Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge,). Set up Multi Factor Authentication (MFA) If you have a personal Microsoft account, you will have to sign out of any active O365 session. Sign out of any active Personal 0365 sessions • Go to https://portal.office.com • You maybe prompted to enter your credentials, please do so if prompted • Select your profile from the Top Right corner • Select Sign Out from the menu After signing out of your personal session, you will need to set up your Duke-Energy MFA. In your web browser navigate to https://aka.ms/mfasetup When the page loads, you are taken to the O365 login screen. Enter your Duke Energy email ID (not case-sensitive) and click the Next button
5. The following screen will be displayed when you are being redirected to the Duke Energy sign in page.
6. At the Duke Energy corporate sign in page, enter your Duke Energy email address and LAN password as to move to the next step.
7. After successful O365 primary authentication, the following secondary authentication request screen is displayed. The Approval request notification method is based on your choice the first time you set up your profile (i.e., Phone call, Authenticator app).
8. After authorizing access, you will be taken to the security verification page where you can set up or change your authentication preferences (phone call or mobile app). Set up/Change Authentication via a call to a phone number Set up primary and secondary authentication.
9. Click the checkbox, Authentication phone, and enter the preferred phone number. It is recommended to use a mobile phone since you will likely be away from the office when you need authentication.
10. You may also set up a second phone number in the Alternate authentication phone section (again, a number where you will be working away from the office).
11. Click Save. Set up/Change Authentication to use the Microsoft Authentication App on your mobile device To set up the authentication using the Microsoft Authenticator app on your mobile phone follow the steps below: (You will first have to download and install the Microsoft Authenticator app for your device e.g. from the Apple Store, Google Play, Windows store.)
12. On the Additional security verification page, click the checkbox, Authenticator app
13. Click Configure (if the Authenticator App has been previously set up, this step will appear
14. Follow the instructions on the pop up message shown below.
15. If you have configured more than one authentication method, choose your preferred verification option and click Save. Your options are: • Call my authentication phone • Call my office phone (not recommended if you are logging in remotely) • Notify me through app – you will receive a pop-up on your device to Approve / Deny • Use verification code from app – requires you to open the authentication app manually on your device If you have previously set up the Authenticator App, follow these steps to change your preferred authentication method:
16. On the Additional security verification page, click the checkbox, Authenticator app
17. Click Save and follow the prompts provided to you. Make sure to update your preferred option of being contacted to the Authenticator App. Troubleshooting If you have any issue with the document, please reach out to the Help Desk Enterprise Help Desk https://dukeenergy-myit.onbmc.com/ Local: 704.382.HELP (4357) Toll-Free: 800.641.7762 If you prefer to chat link is: https://dukeenergy-vchat.onbmc.com/
